pack your bag pack everything you need
you never know to make the earrings
you'll need needlenose pliers wire
cutters two French hooks and 20 H wire
and you'll also need two jump rings so
just start by wrapping the wire around
the pliers and you're going to make a
loop and then curve that
then you're gonna go up about an
interest though and then curve the wire
down the future
oh say can you see the future is it bad
then you're going to come down a little
bit and make a curve in the opposite
direction so you can you see to turn
oh so you can you save and then you're
going to continue the curve and so you
have a loop and this is what it should
look like so far so now you're gonna
take your wire cutters and trim it
Oh
to make the treble clefs
and to earrings you just want to take a
jump ring and split it open and then
you're going to add the treble cleft
onto the jump ring and then you're going
to add a French hook onto jump ring and
then you're going to close it back
together
and this is what one earring looks like
and now you're gonna just repeat the
process until you have to underneath the
sky someone help
sauce see group using the same technique
as I did with the silver I made a gold
treble clef and I'm going to make it
into a necklace and I'm gonna do almost
the same thing by opening a jump ring
and then adding the trouble puffs but
then I'm going to add a gold chain and
then close it back up and you're
finished
oh so can you say future so you can you
say
oh say can you see the future